I worked on an elderly ward, so that was about 30 beds,
a few males with dementia.
And that had a Florence, like the Nightingale ward,
so you could see everybody there.
The new staff, I worked mainly nights there,
so there'd be two staff on night, 30 patients.
It was hard work, but I think, I don't know whether
it was okay, it was okay.
It was very regimented, you knew who was doing what at a certain time.
Then we used to have to mop the floors.
I just remember in this ward, cockroaches.
I remember watching a panorama program a few years later
and seeing that these were big cockroaches.
There were big cockroaches there.
So we used to have to mop the floor.
If you'd put the light on in certain areas, you could hear them.